


culture.norman=Norman
culture.fullname=The Normans
village.agricole=Agricultural Village
village.artisans=Artisan Village
village.bourg_autonome=Town
village.controlled=Controlled Village
village.walledcontrolled=Walled Controlled Village
village.customcontrolled=Custom Controlled Village
village.ecclesiastique=Ecclesiastic Village
village.grosbourg=Large Town
village.hameau_abbatiale=Abbatial Hamlet
village.hameau_agricole=Agricultural Hamlet
village.hameau_artisans=Artisan Hamlet
village.notredame=Notre Dame
village.militaire=Military Village

villager.abbot=Abbot
villager.alchemist=Alchemist
villager.alchemistapprentice=Apprentice Alchemist
villager.alchemistassistant=Assistant Alchemist
villager.architect=Architect
villager.armoredbandit=Bandit
villager.bandit=Bandit
villager.bishop=Bishop
villager.boy=Boy
villager.carpenter=Carpenter
villager.cattlefarmerfemale=Cowherd
villager.cattlefarmermale=Cowherd
villager.ciderproducer=Cider Producer
villager.farmer=Farmer
villager.felonbaron=Robber Baron
villager.felonsoldier=Robber Soldier
villager.girl=Girl
villager.glassblower=Glassblower
villager.guard=Guard
villager.guildmaster=Guildmaster
villager.herbalist=Herbalist
villager.host=Host
villager.hostess=Hostess
villager.innkeeperfemale=Inkeeper
villager.innkeepermale=Inkeeper
villager.knight=Knight
villager.lady=Lady
villager.loneabbot=Abbot
villager.lonelumberman=Lumberman
villager.lonelumbermantaiga=Lumberman
villager.lonemiller=Miller
villager.loneminer=Miner
villager.lonemonk=Monk
villager.lonewife=Lone Wife
villager.lumberman=Lumberman
villager.marvelbuilder=Marvel Builder
villager.marvelpriest=Priest
villager.merchant=Merchant
villager.merchant_art=Art Merchant
villager.merchant_food=Food Merchant
villager.merchant_plant=Plant Merchant
villager.merchant_viking=Viking Merchant
villager.merchant_weapons=Arms Merchant
villager.merchant_wool=Textile Merchant
villager.miner=Miner
villager.monk=Monk
villager.orderguard=Guard of the Order
villager.ordervicar=Head of the Order
villager.pigherd=Swineherd
villager.pigherdf=Swineherd
villager.pilgrim=Pilgrim
villager.pilgrimfemale=Pilgrim
villager.priest=Priest
villager.seneschal=Bailiff
villager.shepherd=Shepherd
villager.shepherdf=Shepherd
villager.smith=Smith
villager.teenagerfemale=Youth
villager.teenagermale=Youth
villager.vicar=Vicar
villager.weaver=Weaver
villager.wife=Wife

shop.alchemyworkshop=Alchemical Products
shop.armoury=Armours & weapons
shop.bakery=Bread
shop.cattlefarm=Bovine products
shop.forge=Tools
shop.loneabbey=Products of the Abbey
shop.loneinn=Food and Drinks
shop.lonelumberman=Wood and apples
shop.lonelumbermantaiga=Wood
shop.lonemill=Bread
shop.lonemine=Stone
shop.loneorchard=Cider and Apples
shop.orchard=Cider Apples
shop.pigfarm=Porcine products
shop.sheepchickenfarm=Poultry
shop.tavern=Alcohol
shop.townhall=Central Store
shop.notredame=Warehouse
shop.glassblower=Stained Glass & Pigments
shop.glassblower=Stained Glass & Pigments
shop.weaver=Carpets & Pigments
shop.lumberman=Cider Apples